# comp150-cpd

## Week 1: 19 September
This week we worked in teams to build and program a Lego Mindstorm Robot. The most difficult part of this was the accuracy needed to complete the Space Challenge tasks. Our team used trial and error to get the robot on the right path, rather than using the sensors, this worked for us and we managed to complete all the tasks in the demonstration. I found our first course lecture challenging, as there is little personal space in the seminar rooms making it harder to concentrate. To manage this, I need to get used to the environment and routine of classes.

## Week 2: 26 September
In teams, we were asked to design prototypes for two different board games. On the first game, we did not manage to complete a working prototype of the game, as we spent too long on ideation. For the next game, we prioritised designing the paper prototype, making it possible to present our concept to the class. I found the first few sections of the research paper, 'When does a physical system compute?', challenging and I delayed reading on. However, having now finished the paper, I have found that earlier sections became clearer as I progressed. For the next assigned paper, I will try not to panic if at first I do not fully understand it.

## Week 3: 3 October
For this week’s assignment, I found it difficult to write the pseudocode without a bias towards Python. Looking at examples of pseudocode online helped me find more universal terms. During our text-based adventure game task, my team and I struggled to narrow down our ideas and to move from ideation to creating a working prototype. We had experienced similar problems last week, so it is important to address this. In regards to this week's task, we made things more complicated than necessary, by trying to design both a paper and a program prototype. Had we focused on just the paper prototype we could have created a functioning prototype in the time given. I also need to improve my understanding of how to use User Stories effectively and to practice using the PyGame library at home. 

## Week 4: 10 October
This week we studied computer logic gates and memory, I found this lecture helpful and was more able to focus as we were back in the teaching space. We also learnt about version control with GitHub and Tortoise Git. We managed to sync our code during the lecture but I would like to go through the GitHub tutorials on YouTube and practice doing version control at home, to feel more confident with this.

## Week 5: 17 October
Delivering game pitches was a challenge for this week, my pitch was too short and holding the handout was distracting. All the same, it was a big step for me to speak at all. For next time, a few improvements include: ensuring I have at least 10 printed handouts, not holding my handout and instead adding information in my pitch, not already contained in handout. A slight issue with the pitch timing, is that my body was shaking so hard I am not sure I could have spoken much longer, with practice I should get more used to speaking and hopefully the shaking will calm down. I also need to work on my concentration in the lecture/seminar rooms as I missed quite a bit of this week’s lecture. This is mainly due to proximity to other people and the only solution is to get used to it.
